Documentation totp device (#1545)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/administrator/manual/django-change-data.md

# Django Admin Form

## Activity

![Django Admin Form](./img/django-change-data-4.png)

> 1. **Form fields**: Form where users can input values for their record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Form fields**: Form where administrators can input values for their record.
```

> 2. **Delete button**: Delete currently opened record. It will take users to confirmation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Delete button**: Delete the currently open record. It will take administrators to the confirmation page.
```

    ![Confirmation](./img/django-change-data-1.png)

    1. **Detail**: Detail about the object.

>     2. **Yes, I'm sure**: Button for confirm deletion of object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. **Yes, I'm sure**: Button for confirming the deletion of the object.
```

## Change TOTP Device

![Change TOTP Device](./img/django-change-data-9.png)

1. **History**: Button to see actions applied to current record.

2. **Identity**: The administrator can edit the user, name and confirmed status for the TOTP device. Click on the user name of the user allows administrator to view details of that user.

3. **Configuration**: The administrator can edit the configuration of the TOTP device by using this form.

![Change TOTP Device](./img/django-change-data-10.png)

4. **State**: The administrator can edit the state of the TOTP device by using this form.

5. **Throttling**: The administrator can edit the throttling of the TOTP device by using this form.

6. **QRCode**: The administrator can view the qrcode by clicking on the `qrcode` link.

7. **Delete**: The administrator can delete the TOTP device by clicking on the `Delete` button.

8. **Save and add another**: Save current record, then redirect to a new page to add a new record.

9. **Save and continue editing**: Save current record while still showing current record.

> 10. **Save**: Save current record, then redirect to Django Admin Table or record list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. **Save**: Save the current record, then redirect administrators to the Django Admin Table or record list.
```
